OK, so next, let's set up the dye, so dependency injection with the hilt.
Right at the top of our package here, I'm going to click create a new.
Class is going to be cut in class.
This is going to be trivia application.
Right?
And it's going to be at the root of our package, their application, and we're going to pass and we're
going to make it a hilt.
So we at hilt Android app, this is going to tie everything with and make sure that also we are inheriting
from application Android.
Like this?
OK, our application level class, which will govern this entire application and give Hilde the capability
of binding all the dependencies throughout the entire application, the entire app project here.
OK.
That means then we have to go to our manifest here and make it official by saying Android name and pass
our trivia application like this to say that indeed we have registering these three year application
hilt Android app here in our Android Manifest file, which means that the entire app will have access
would allow the binding to happen.
And why, while we here, let's add to the user's permission and say internet, because we will need
internet permission for us to be able to retrieve data from our JSON.
So we're done here.
Get rid of the application as well.
Next inside of our D-I here, this is what we're going to create.
Our app model.
Our app module.
So this is going to be actually just an object.
That's fine.
And when I call this app module, such.
And I'm going to say at module to say this is a dagger or held module, and I'm going to put that.
And also, I'm going to add here, I install in to say this is going to get a pass to singleton component.
All right, class such.
And here is where we add all the providers that we need for the application, right?
So we can pass, for instance, providing the repository, we can provide the Dow.
We can provide and provide the class that will ease things, a retrofit.
And while I'm here, also inside of our hotels here, I'm going to create a class.
Or a file?
And let's create this one call constants.
So here is where I'm going to just add a few questions here.
So I'm going to do I'm just make this an object such that way, there's no instantiation.
It's just a singleton, right?
And here, I'm going to say, caused a vowel.
It's a constant and I'm going to call this a base.
You are allies.
So this is why we're going to add the URL.
To our Jason, this.
Now, because in retrofit, things are a little bit different.
Right?
You will see is that even though this is the main real?
In fact, I going to put that inside of a comment, so we have access to that.
So we are actually going to get rid of this part, the last part, because we're going to pass that
as a path.
So we're going to stop at the last forward slash like you see here to say this is indeed a base URL.
Whatever comes after is just a path.
We're going to use that in a second.
So now we have a constant that means then we can create a an interface, which is going to be our the
API.
They're going to be using to create a call that needs to happen to get this information here.
This JSON.
So instead of our network here, I'm going to create a new class and this is going to be an interface
when I call this to say, let's say the question API.
The say question API as such.
So again, this question API is an interface.
We want this to be a singleton sequence at Singleton.
All we want to pass here is ad get noticed.
This get is from retrofit.
This is what we're going to be using as a see go back to our retrofit.
See, that's where we pass.
So we're passing here.
So we're saying here we're going to pass the path where we can get the information in this case.
Go pass the JSON.
So we use that to get the annotation.
And then here we're going to pass the value.
This is where we pass the world that Jason may have to import that like this.
So this is all from HTP.
This is all from retrofit HTP.
Now we're not done.
So we're going to say suspend because we know that this has to be outside of the main thread had to
have in the background.
So we're going to make this spendable function when I call this get all questions.
So what I'm doing here, I'm just getting all the questions for my trivia.
And of course, this is going to be a question type that we're going to be wanting to receive.
What that means if I go to our module here, I'm just going to get in list containing question items,
which is going to be the actual data class that contains an instance of a question answer, category
choices and the question.
It's an interface in this case.
That means that we don't have it.
That means we have to we don't have to create the body of this get or question.
This is going to be created at the class level.
So having this all this structure, get rid of some of this.
We are now ready to go to our app model.
We'll need to create, instantiate or retrofit.
Now that's going to be done because we want this to be as close as as close as possible to a clean architecture
to have all this compartmentalised classes that do one thing only in our app model.
Here we are going to create a provider that will provide us the retrofit right object, the builder
that we need.
OK, so can I say that this is inside of our app module, right?
So I'm going to say it's going to be a singleton because we don't want a repetition or we want it.
We don't want many instances of this class to be floating around.
And this is going to be a provider because it's going to provide something in our dependencies.
So I say fun and I say provide notice the naming convention here.
Question API like this and of course, is going to inherit from question API that we created, which
means then the body here where it needs to return.
Let's say retrofit.
OK, that builder.
And then to build everything in your line, that baseline line or base early to pass that base URL.
We have that based URL, which is our from constants.
And I'm going to get the base URL and then we are going to do something else because we need it to pass
in that converter to make it easy for us to convert.
What are we getting, for instance, from our JSON here into objects, into objects that we can then
convert them into the object that we create here?
Like a question, item or question there?
We need to pass along the converter here since they dot add converter factory or such.
And when I say, Gee Sun like this.
Converter.
Factory as such that create.
All right.
So I'm creating that, which means I'll have to import that now.
This is possible.
We're getting advice from retrofit because we added this dependency earlier.
OK, very good.
And then I'm going to say, build that build that is and then I'm going to create that service.
Aha.
So I'm putting all in one place.
I'm going to create that service and to pass the class that is responsible to create that service.
So I'm going to say question API.
It's going to be your C class at Java as such.
So we're adding this in our module, because remember, this will allow us to create this provider to
provide this dependency to anybody who needs this dependency.
So the whole project will have access to this dependency, which is great and this is going to be a
singleton, which means which means we're just going to have one instance created of our of our providers
here.
Right.
I'll retrofit, which is what exactly what we want.
So there we go.
Now again, remember this base URL here.
Notice the difference.
We just have to base URL.
I said earlier we got rid of the path because we needed that path to show inside of our question API
that needs to be passed because then it will know it's OK.
Get what we're going to get this path here.
So he's going to spend this path to.
These bases are out to get the whole payload in this case here, retrofit is really straightforward
because we just have one path, but in a complex API JSON API, you can see that he can perform a lot
of different requests, right?
You can put other functions here in this API, for instance, if you want to get in passing ID to get
a certain item in a database through the API and so forth so you can do things like this, it's much
easier because then we can append other things or other paths, if you will, or IDs and so forth.
But this is simple.
So it works even better, too.
All right.
So we are making good progress here.
I know there aren't a lot of things visually that we can see and feel good about ourselves, but this
is the setting up and it's important to make sure that everything is set up and then we move forward
like that.